[Autogenerated] Okay, So what did you learn in this module?
Well, first of all,
you learn how to find your way in the a Cliff's graphical user interface.
This interface is complex.
There are many elements in it,
but you do not necessarily need all of them to handle Java applications.
You set up several things up.
First of all, a Java environment compatible to the eclipse you have.
Ah, remember, not all the cliffs can be launched by any J.
T.
K.
So you need the right Jay decay.
To launch the version of Eclipse, you have a second.
You saw how to create Java projects in a crepes.
For the moment, we concentrated on Java A C projects.
But don't worry.
We are going to create maven projects on Java e projects.
In the rest of the schools, you saw how to add dependents,
Caesar either between projects inside the same workspace or with external
jaws imported as user defined libraries or simple jars.
And you saw also how to generate a job from your project and all along with
saut troubleshooting because it's always annoying to have to look for
another message on the Internet to make things work.
And with this I think we are done with this Majola.
I hope you found it interesting.
Thank you for watching it.
In the next module we will bring maven on stage and see how we can deal with dependencies and project building using maven.